You guys got the rhythm.
Welcome once again to Meltdown Commons in Hollywood, California.
Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Alright, let's get this over with.
I've been Minecrafting for two days and I'm in the middle of a big skyscraper and I'm trying to get my item ducts working.
What were you talking about last night, chicken chuggers?
Spencer was recommending, because in Minecraft, the world is infinitely procedurally generated as you go anywhere and everything that is created stays where it is.
However, things don't stay active, like if you're cooking something in a little grill and you walk too far away from it, it'll just kind of stop cooking on the grill.
But the grill will still be there and the thing will still be on the grill unless you build what's called a chunk loader.
Because everything's in chunks, the data is all in chunks, so Spencer was recommending a thing called chicken chunks.
Alright, this is the most ill-advised way to open a show.
Should I start playing this game? Is it that good?
Oh god, it's the best.
My applause, who plays this game here?
It's not even a game, it's like knitting, you know?
Remember when we both had pirated copies of Maya and we would just send little things back and forth?
You would make a sphere with some nipples on it and then you'd email me the file and then I'd open it up and I'd extrude the nipples and loft them into a nerve surface.
No, it's fun, it's like a hobby, it's not really a game because there's no score and you're not trying to kill anybody.
It's like playing LEGO.
So the sense of achievement is from moment to moment?
Yeah, it's just making stuff.
You get a multiplayer server and then you can go, you just sit there by yourself most of the time forever even if your friend's on there.
But then sometimes you maybe jet pack over to your friend's location and look at what they're making.
Maybe I'll take up knitting, that'd be alright.
Make a hat, that'd be great.
I'm really sorry about the beginning of this episode.
I didn't mean for it to happen this way.
I got picked up for an Uber tonight and I don't know why, I can't penetrate the Lyft membrane, I don't know why.
I've had nothing good experiences with Lyft but I keep going back to Uber like an abused boyfriend.
Like Abe Lincoln crawling back to Mary Todd, no matter how hard she hits him.
Wasn't there some rumor about this?
She was so crazy she beat Abe?
Yeah, wasn't there some rumor about that Abe Lincoln was a battered husband?
What?
I can't be just making that up.
I mean, I can be.
I wish you had that deep of an imagination.
Yeah, exactly, me too.
I feel like I heard that somewhere.
Okay, well we're gonna find out tomorrow online.
So I got into the Uber and new thing.
The guy, I get into the Uber and the guy has a paper and pencil, a piece of typing paper and a pencil.
And he says, in the Uber app, as you know, you type in your address where you want to get picked up and then you type,
now you can type in your destination.
So you would think a little less talking maybe, a little less maintenance.
I get into the car and the guy says, where are you going?
And this happens a lot.
I don't know how to sound like an asshole, but I just went like, isn't it on the thing?
Like look at the thing, because I can see it.
It's on the armrest.
There's like a map on his phone, a blinking, like a hologram of me saying, where are you driving me?
But he's got the pen and paper out.
And he goes like, what's the street?
And I said, wait, look at the thing.
It's on sunset.
Dan, was this guy Asian?
No, I'm joking.
I just realized, he was talking about my street.
He was talking about the street I live on.
And he wanted to know how to spell it, because he wanted to write it down on a piece of typing paper with a pencil to murder his leg.
Like a weird, emotionally challenged junior in high school who was trying to get his homework done on the bus.
He's just like scribbling, scrawling the name of my street down?
Is it keeping a cooked book or something?
It doesn't matter.
Now I told you what street I live on, so I'm sorry I paused in the middle of that.
It's a long street.
It's at least six houses long.
You'll never find the gate with H on it.
Just look for the Uber car in front of the guy's name.
Just look for the line of Uber cars.
You gotta do lifts, man. The lift is way more fun.
It's faster and easier for my entertainment dollar.
Well, now it doesn't matter. I'm going to be murdered by Monday.
Three people who will only be doing things with the best intentions.
You took a couple lifts, though, right? Or just one?
I took two lifts.
I had a good time in both.
I mean, it's the front seat thing.
You don't have to sit in the front.
I know, but then you're weird.
In a lift, you get in the back seat, you're weird.
I accidentally sat in the back. Sometimes I sat in the front of an Uber. Nobody seems to care.
Uber is just a bummer. I don't know. It's slow and funky, and I don't like it.
Hygiene Corner!
I'm gonna find a good song for it, because it's Hygiene Corner.
It's a lot like sports corner.
It's when you clean yourself. Yo, yo, Hygiene Corner.
Calling all scientists, please.
The planet only has so much time left.
We're all dying.
We're not gonna make it to the moon.
The globals are warming.
The tides are rising.
AIDS is airborne.
By the time you hear this recording, maybe it will be.
All I'm saying is, before we die,
could someone just make a pill that makes your fingernails stop growing?
Just make a... how hard can that be?
Has this become a big burden in your life?
Only for 41 years or so, since I was born with these pointless fingernails
that constantly grow, unless you take a medieval appliance
and use pressure and hewing metal to chisel off chunks of lifeless keratin?
What is it, chitin? What the fuck is on us? What is this shit?
Why do we have it?
It's from before punching was invented.
It's like if we generate so you can pick up your keys to land on the ground.
I don't use my nails to pick up my keys.
Your credit card off the bar?
Yeah, you need that.
If they get damaged, they have to regenerate.
A rodent's teeth has to regenerate the dentin to burrow and shit, man.
I guess if we're using them...
You never scratch yourself?
Yeah, you never scratch yourself.
But I just feel like if we didn't have them, then we wouldn't itch as much.
And we'd make keys thicker.
And credit cards with little handles on them.
We don't have a belly button tentacle, but it's not like we notice it's gone all the time.
Because we don't have any devices.
There's not like a rope to get into each building.
It's like, use your belly button tentacle to get in it.
Oh fuck! Let's just get rid of the fucking fingernails.
Or just make them stop growing.
Just make them stop growing.
What if you damaged one?
Then you take the antidote.
For a week and make them grow a little bit.
Do you work for Big Pharma? Is that your thing?
It's a weird drug push right now.
Okay, all right. No pills.
A better device than these clippers.
They're called your back teeth, Jack? I bite my fingernails.
Look at these. Perfect.
I'm a perfect fingernail biter.
Gross.
It's weird what grosses people out.
It doesn't gross other people out.
Biting your toenails is gross, but people do it.
Anyone here bite the toenails?
No one's going to bite.
There's people that do it.
Your brother does?
Have you seen him do it?
That's horrifying.
He has to lift his foot all the way up to his knee.
Is he a yogi?
That's flexible. I couldn't if I wanted to.
I guess it is jealousy.
All right, Jeff.
A bootlegger.
Are we still on Hygiene Corner?
No. Do you want a new segment?
No.
Hygiene.
That was Hygiene Corner.
I just like bookends.
There was a guy that got 33 months in prison.
Somebody tweeted me a link to an article.
I believe this was in the UK.
Some guy recorded Fast the Furious 9, whatever they're on,
in the theater, you know, like they do.
He uploaded it onto the web
and was charging like a pound 50
for torrent downloads of it.
And they caught him and they sentenced him
to 33 months in prison.
You should be sentenced that much
for just going to that movie in the first place.
Zing.
Obviously making an example of this guy.
33 years.
He was already sentenced?
That's the sentence.
He has been sentenced.
33 years.
I heard years.
33 months. That's ridiculous.
It's crazy.
Obviously all it comes down to is money.
In the article, which is clearly slanted towards,
they use the guy's worst photo.
He's leaning against a Camaro flipping the finger.
Every quote from him.
He would post stuff to his Facebook page
and then the guy that sentenced him,
referenced him saying shit on the Facebook page,
which is crazy.
When they were sentencing him, they were like,
clearly everything we need to know about your attitude
is all in that Facebook post from yesterday.
What the fuck? What are we in eighth grade?
What kind of due?
What in the due process?
More like do not process.
Don't process.
Don't.
What...
How much money did he make?
Well, they tabulated
what he cost universal
I think that's the studio.
Oh.
So all these people wouldn't go by the DVD?
Yeah, because we all know that's
exactly how everything works.
Because we're all Sims.
You'd only download a torrent
of Fast and the Furious 6
if you were unable
to get out to the theaters
and watch it.
And of course, if you downloaded it,
it means you definitely would have gone to the theater.
That's the first erroneous
piece of math.
But they use a bunch of
theoretical math to figure that this guy
cost universal, I don't know,
tens or hundreds of millions of dollars.
You know, they tabulated.
And...
Obviously, it's just...
Okay, so...
Rich people run the world.
The money makes the world go around.
It should be a crime
to fuck with rich people, I guess.
I mean, it's their world.
But why...
Why put them in prison?
Like, why...
How much money is he going to make anybody in prison?
Like, send them to...
Send them to, like,
Universal Studios Camp or something.
Like, put them in a panda outfit
and make them drive that tram.
Yeah, like, make great
theme parks that are, like, cheaper
because they're peopled with criminals
who stole
movies or something.
You know, like, oh, it's hot.
It sure is hot in here.
It'd be a lot less hot if I hadn't
uh, for taking
a hot, hot merchandise.
If you can't stand the heat.
Like, like, backdraft.
Well, speaking of which,
backdraft stunt shows starting over here.
You know, it's like, they could just kind of
blend confession with
uh, with helping,
helping paying customers.
And then they work off their debt.
Do it that way. Don't put people in prison.
Unless they're going to stab somebody.
This should be this
pretty simple rule with prison, right?
Like, when should you put a guy in a
in a little cubicle that
he can't get out of physically?
When he would physically do something
bad if he was out.
What about, like, Bernie Madoff
and a lot of people's lives?
Well, first of all, do we really punish these people?
I mean, that's an example of a guy
doing time, right? Yeah, he's impressed.
But, like, for, I mean
not to get off on that tangent, but
there's a pretty big disparity
in the amount of these people that actually do
see hard justice.
Uh, so
why not commit to that idea
that anybody that commits a crime
that is financial in origin
has to suffer some kind of financial
punishment, you know?
What's the big deal? I don't get it.
And also pills that make your toenails stop growing.
That's it.
I don't have all the answers.
Uh, uh, tweet me,
suck suck suck my dick.
I don't care.
Suck suck suck my dick?
Well, obviously suck suck suck my dick
and suck suck my dick were both taken.
Because Twitter's been around for, like,
15 years.
Suck suck suck my dick.
There's lots of underscores and shit like that.
All right, all right.
What else we got here?
Oh, yeah, halfway through the Uber trip,
silence for the half way,
half the car ride,
except for all that rigmarole in the beginning.
Like, no, just follow the map.
Remember driving, it's really quiet for a long time.
And then, and then he just says,
cool down, huh?
And I,
and it just made me,
and I was like, yeah.
And it made me, like, I mean,
you know, this is not
new territory to talk about, but, like,
talking about weather, like, it really is insane.
Because, like, what if we, what if he said
cool down, huh? What if I had said no?
I
disagree. I don't think it has
cooled down.
Now we're in a small argument.
Uh,
uh, George
Takei is a hero.
Saw a documentary about him.
Uh, you know what he did, Jeff?
It just occurred to me.
Aside from delighting us on TV for so many years.
He's always been a delightful personality.
You know, he's a little silly. He talks like this,
no matter what he's talking about.
Um, but, but this guy,
and he's very happy, go lucky,
and he's kind of talks like a game show host.
But, but, I realize
we'll watch the documentary. This guy has been,
uh,
I don't want to use too strong language, but
I don't, I also don't want to
stretch out a big long
daisy chain of words
just so it's not that strong. I mean,
I, I realize that other people
have had it harder than in their lives, but I just want to say,
like George Takei as a jolly
old man,
he's been betrayed by his country twice
in his lifetime, once because of his
race, and once because of his orientation.
Like he has had, he, he spent his
childhood in a Japanese-American internment
camp, and still, like,
exited with enough, like,
altruism, and, and,
and magnanimity,
and an optimism to, to
have a good life, you know, if you, if
you let that get you down, I'm sure a lot of people
left those camps all fucked up,
and bitter, and, and, and
fucked for life.
But, and then having done that, then he had to be,
you know, he didn't have to be,
but he kind of had to be
in the closet for, for,
you know, like, in order to get acting
work and stuff, and, and then he,
you know, it's like,
the, the, the equal marriage rights thing,
like, he found himself then at the forefront of
that thing, it was like people telling him,
you shouldn't be allowed to get married if you're gay.
And every, every time, at each turn,
this is a country that this guy loves,
and he loves everybody, and he likes
talking to people, and I like having conversations,
and he's, and he's not, like, deluded,
it's not like he's Regis Philbin, just like,
oh, well, he's like, he's meeting head on, like, these controversies.
He's like, he's transparent and honest and sincere
when he talks about them, about his experiences
at this camp, and his experiences, like, on the
forefront of, of fighting for gay rights,
and, and, and yet,
but, but at no point does he do what I,
what I did when the Ferguson thing
happened, which is just, like, throw my
hands in the air and get all mad and whiny
and start screeching and tap on my lips.
If everybody did that, we'd really be fucked.
Like, it was kind of inspiring.
I thought, you know, maybe if, always
find the humor and, and the George Takei,
those things. What was this documentary on?
Uh, I don't know.
The Takei Network, I don't know.
Did I tell you that I was, I was on a plane with him,
and we were, we were coming back from a gig,
and it was like, I was with Greg Proups,
and, and he sat across from us, and, like,
we were, like, row two, and he was in row one,
and, uh, it was like, fucking, Tzulu's on the fucking plane.
Like, I was like, this plane can't crash.
Everybody, everybody on the plane was like, we're, we're good.
And, uh, and so we're boarding the plane,
because we, we had been with him in security,
and he was in front of us checking in,
but then he got, he was with, like, his, like,
assistant or handler or wrangler or, or maybe,
maybe companion, I don't know, like,
buddy, friend, boyfriend, I had no idea,
but I think Tzulu was, Tzulu, goddammit.
George, George Takei was a little under the
weather, he had, like, kind of a cough,
and this guy was, like, keeping him, like, you know,
like, making sure he was warm and stuff,
and he was very attentive and nice.
And then we kept getting in front of him,
and, uh, so we were in, uh,
Greg was in front of him getting on a plane,
I was behind him, and he gets on,
and the guy who's beep, whoop,
like, thank you, Mr. Davis, whoop, thank you, Mr. Bruce,
whoop, Mr. George Takei.
And, and George, he goes, well, hello.
And then he goes, and he goes,
uh, I'm, I'm a big fan of yours,
Mr. Takei, well, thank you very much,
it's very nice to hear.
And then he goes, and I forget the show,
but he's on, like, uh,
like a family guy or something like that.
He'd guest start on some show or whatever.
Was it? Yeah.
Family guy. And he goes, I saw your family guy,
and I said, oh, that's very good news,
I can expect a residual.
Yeah.
And he and his husband are very, uh,
they're a cute couple,
they're very, very inspiring to, to,
you know, they're an older couple now,
but they're, they're, and they're not,
like, making out with each other,
and every step they're trying to prove something,
but they're clearly in love,
and they're like soulmates,
and they walk around hand in hand,
and it's a, it's a, it's a,
check out the documentary, it's a cute little thing,
I don't know what it's called, beam, beam me,
beam me over to you.
It should be
beam me out.
Beam me out.
Of the closet, I don't know.
Of the, of the internment camp,
of the closet.
Beam me out.
Uh, everywhere it goes,
someone's trying to keep me in somewhere.
Where was this beaming technology when I needed it?
All right.
Well, that's the end of my notes.
I, I think that, uh,
I wore the wrong shirt,
or it's these, it's these goddamn lights.
I was thinking, maybe it's a good color on you.
You look, you look very dynamic.
Well, it absorbs heat. I should have worn, uh, tin foil.
I don't think that would work either.
That would keep it in.
It would be like a potato.
I should have worn mirrors,
like the lady in dance hall days.
It's there to reflect everything outward.
I bet that lady in dance hall days
was cold as a cucumber,
when she comes out of the disco ball
and she's covered in disco mirrors.
We were so in phase.
In my dance hall days.
Is it from the video?
Chris.
Wait.
Sing all the words.
I don't open my mouth.
A napkin's on my shoe.
I never knew the words of that song.
Take your baby by the heel.
Take her by the heel?
No.
That's by the hand for sure.
He says hand and then he says heel later.
What?
Yeah.
Does he really?
Yeah, look it up.
And look up fingernails and fasten the furious.
www.SuckSuckSuckMyDick.com
Let's bring up an early Spencer Crittenden.
Really? Chris Crittenden?
Just to get out of these lights, man.
Can I get out?
It's like one of those things it's like...
Oh, that's nice of him.
Well, I don't want to be responsible
for people being unable to see me.
No, we can still see you.
You still reflect light.
Hello?
Hey!
Spencer, you're on at 8.26?
8.27. Is that the earliest you've ever been at her?
I don't know, man.
Maybe on this stage.
It's not a...
Spencer, did you get high since I last saw you
five minutes ago?
No, I got a...
I'm feeling just weird in the stomach.
It's throwing me off.
I'm having a good time, though.
I'm glad to be here.
No, I'm sure I will
before this day is done.
But right now, I'm here.
I'm seated, ready to do some comedy.
Did you eat some...
Did you eat a misguided burrito or something?
I think I did, yeah.
I went to 7-Eleven and I got two taquitos,
and they were really delicious,
and I've never had them before,
but I'm already like, no.
Here's the thing, 7-Eleven,
they have all this food that's like crappy food,
and it's all...
It has a flavor, but it also has this consistency
that's very microwaved.
But the thing is,
I eat food that I cook in the microwave.
So, like, it's not that big of a deal, right?
But, you know, the taquitos...
Are these taquitos the ones that are rolling around?
Yeah, they're those rolling taquitos.
I get a lot of hot dogs,
no incident, but, man.
Taquitos.
I don't think a 7-Eleven is a food destination, really.
Well, that's the thing.
That's why you can't complain too much,
like, would you come here, right?
But, uh, no.
I mean, I was just, I got, you know,
I came into the meltdown, I parked.
I was like, let's go to 7-Eleven, you know?
I would rather have, like, a big bucket of noodles,
but that wasn't on the table.
Is bucket of noodles still open?
Yeah, well, not on Sundays.
That's the thing, they're all Christian.
It's sad, really.
A big, uh, ramen,
big, big, big bucket of ramen.
Without even that much soup in it.
Just eat a big brick of ramen
that's, like, lightly boiled.
That's what I'd like to do.
Make me feel 25 again.
Today's cheat day.
What did you have for cheat day?
I found out,
Erin came back from, uh,
from wherever she was, and she, uh,
I was looking, I was like,
well, it's cheat day, so I'm,
I could eat anything I want,
but then I was playing Minecraft,
and I was too lazy to get up to eat
and, uh... Did you waste a cheat day?
And then I thought I was, because it was, like,
4.30 when Erin came back,
and I was like, fuck, man,
we got some catching up to do,
and she said, what do you mean?
I said, cheat day, she said,
we don't get a cheat day this week.
I said, why?
She's like, we had pizza on Wednesday.
Wednesday?
I don't even remember.
We cheated on Wednesday.
Boo!
It wasn't even good pizza, whatever it was.
It was like...
Now she's going to spin class every day.
She's on day 7, I believe, right?
Are you gonna, is that gonna inspire you
to maybe get a little fitness kick yourself?
I am on a fitness kick.
This isn't as fitness kick as I get.
It's trying to be on a diet.
I'm not gonna go to spin class, no.
It's not gonna happen.
You should go, it's a lot of fun.
Uh, Douglas Adams died on a treadmill.
Is he dead?
You know...
I don't know a lot of things about people.
I mean, who keeps track of who died?
That seems like depressing, right?
Well, I wasn't trying to keep track.
I...
Well, I was just being defensive.
Oh, really defensive.
It's nothing you've done.
I brought you up here early because
you made a new friend.
Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, I guess.
Spencer's been hanging out
with a mutual friend of ours.
He's been really logging some quality time with them.
And he just...
It's a blossoming friendship.
Do you feel jealous?
No, I'm very curious.
Yeah, I mean, yeah,
that's what you're curious about.
Uh, should we bring him out
and talk about your friendship?
You do whatever you want, man.
Do you think it'll negatively affect the friendship
to talk about it?
I mean, it couldn't help.
No, no, do it.
All right. Ladies and gentlemen,
Jack Nicholson.
No, it's...
It's Nicholas Cage.
Whatever it was, that would be great.
Let's bring to the stage
Spencer's new friend,
Real Abed. Abed Gheith.
Abed Gheith to the stage.
Real Abed.
Slightly less dimensionalized
than my creation.
Oh, yeah!
Woo!
I killed the song, didn't I?
No, you tagged it.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
It's been a while since you've been up here.
Can I say something? So those lights, the new ones?
Oh, you mean these ones?
Yeah.
I mean, when you're talking to me
of the restaurant at Pirates of the Caribbean,
remember when you go by and you're like,
fuck, I'm going to eat at that restaurant tonight.
Yeah, yeah.
I keep going, I'm wanting to do it, I never do it.
It's just the time. I'm going to do it this time.
I had the same memory.
That's exactly what I was thinking of last week.
I called it something like a Caribbean bungalow
or something like that.
It didn't sound like it made any sense,
but that's what I was thinking of,
is that fucking restaurant that you go through
is like the most amazing restaurant.
It looks like it would be great to eat there.
It's not that great.
No, the conversation from that side.
Oh, those people are really into the ride.
It looks like a great restaurant.
No, those people, they're kind of into it,
but one person's scared.
Once in a while, when you're on that ride,
when you're on Pirates of the Caribbean
and you just start moving
and right in the right is the Blue Bayou restaurant,
it's really quiet.
It's very tranquil.
What was Pirates of the Caribbean the restaurant?
Pirates of the Caribbean of the restaurant.
Oh, that's the Pirates of the Caribbean the ride restaurant.
Pirates of the Caribbean, the movie,
the ride, the restaurant.
It'd be amazing if on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride,
you started as regular passengers
and then like most of those rides,
you get kind of indoctrinated into the thing.
If you got actually turned into a pirate
on the ride,
and then at the end, you got to
change the restaurant, steal somebody's butter.
Yeah, you get it, you get it.
Now go get them, hardies!
Fuck you, give me your butter.
I've seen some of these old pirate movies,
they don't fuck around.
They really stab and bite
and like cling to the barnacle
like there's no tomorrow.
What movie did you see a pirate
clinging to a barnacle?
It was Blackbeard, the pirate.
It was that movie.
It was really awesome, but it was fucked up, man.
Blackbeard is quite a character.
Barnacles are famous for their clinging.
It's like Mike Treasure,
and it's like you can't fuck with him.
I was like, I'd never fuck with Blackbeard.
I would never fuck with him.
I would see you being a pretty valuable
shipmate on a pirate ship.
If I were a captain, I think I could put you to some good use.
You look like you could tie some knots.
Yeah, I could tie knots.
I could do that,
but I would choose to just be like
a survivor.
I'd probably hide like high up.
So whenever there's a crazy mutiny,
I'm just like watching it like, oh my god.
Oh my god. Good thing I climbed up here. Holy shit.
Every time there's a mutiny...
But what if Blackbeard...
What if your captain is Blackbeard and he goes,
argh, man, get down here and join the fray.
Call me argh, man. Get down here.
How can you not be partaking in this week's mutiny?
See, I would be the ship's jester,
so that would suck.
So you'd always know if I was missing.
Yeah, where is that argh bed?
Arh comedy.
So they would just call you argh bed because
they wouldn't be able to pronounce argh.
I know, yeah.
He just looks like argh, yeah.
He gets mad when he starts saying it,
so he's like argh, and then he remembers bed,
and he goes, argh, argh, argh, argh.
I always wonder that, too.
Like, could you climb up like up there?
And could you just stay out of trouble?
I think so, because they had this cool
Swiss downy Robinson deal.
I think you're a sitting duck up there.
People have harkabuses and blunderbuses and whatnot,
so you're a sitting duck up there.
But if no one sees you,
you climb out in the middle of the night
when everyone's stuffed away.
Was there a rumor about harkabuses?
Yeah, what is that?
It's another matchlocked guy that's long.
It's like a precursor, I believe, to a blunderbuse.
It's like a longer rifle.
It's pretty nuts, you tell ya.
The old ones.
It looks like you're on the ride.
It's amazing.
Everything looks like a set.
It's beautiful.
You don't ever shiver my timbers?
That's from...
God, are you in the bounty?
Now you have to answer.
Why did you just leap into it?
Oh, I got that one.
Okay, I got this one, guys.
I don't know for sure.
Where would you think
real Abed
that's different from Timbers?
I would say it would have to be
an old Pirate movie,
but it might be a Pirate series.
I'm going to go with Pirate movie.
Maybe it's Captain
Courageous or something?
Captain's Courageous?
I believe it actually comes from actual
Pirate terminology.
I assume it's just your boat's made out of wood,
and if it's shivering,
it's really scary out.
The foremost way
of knowing that you're in deep shit
is that your timbers are shaken.
Your boat's like creaking.
From what I read,
one of the most common injuries
when you got hit by a broadside cannonball,
it wasn't the cannonball that was likely to hit you.
It was going to hit the wood,
and you would get hit by splinters,
and they called those shivers.
So you died by getting Schrab.eled with wood.
If it didn't kill you outright,
you'd get infected eventually
because you just had gross rotting shipwood
stuck in your body.
Shipwood, huh?
I thought it's just the guy's balls,
and he's like pulled,
and he's like, oh, my timbers are shivering.
That's what I thought.
It's something funny like that.
He leaps into this dark,
like splinters attacking you
like a crazy Hellraiser movie.
What's with that guy?
What is he crazy?
So you and Spencer have been hanging out?
Well, you know, it's funny that you say this
because, like...
It's odd that he says that.
Is that better?
It's the premise.
It's strange that you would bring that up
because it's the topic of the conversation
that just started.
It's a crazy that you bring up.
Interesting enough.
I don't know, but see,
I've been with his friend from the get-go
from the first time I hung out
with him here a couple of times.
From Jump Street.
I would be at that crazy karaoke place,
and for some reason,
me and him always just clicked.
I would just make jokes, and then he would laugh.
And then we'd just hang out,
and I found out this guy likes muffins.
He likes Magic the Gathering.
We find that we have stuff in common.
This is kind of weird to me because
Spencer's not a big laugher,
and you're not...
And he hates muffins.
Yeah, they would feel like,
how do I get the map away from here?
Well, their laughter limits
would be tested.
I take people to laughter limits.
I find it very easy to be dry
when I'm listening to you make jokes.
I'm not tempted to, like, guffaw.
Every relationship I have
in that sense is like,
I'm always the Castello
and everyone else is the Abbot,
just like, what are you doing now?
Really? Come on, Castello.
Abbotify a planet.
Yeah, I'll just be like, well, you know,
Abbot, it's Babadoo.
Nobody really...
They're like, we're in a supermarket.
What is happening that's Babadoo?
I don't understand.
Yeah, it's like, they look around.
You have to kind of put on the parental hat
to be like, all right, what is really...
Can we just get to the bottom of why I came here?
So where do you guys hang out?
Do you guys go get supered?
We hang out at a place.
Portos? Yeah, we go to the bakery.
Portos.
You get pornos.
We go to 7-Eleven.
Back-to-back though, nothing weird.
They sell muffins and pornography.
Have you rented the movie Shipwood?
Shipwood!
Dude, if I ever got Shipwood,
you'd have to put a bullet in the car.
There's no turning back from Shipwood.
What was the crossover for you guys being acquaintances
that you met through Mutual Friends?
No, I met through you guys being the Mutual Friends.
I mean, most recently,
it was when we went to
the fair together.
I think the Renaissance fair.
Was that it? I think we were hanging out a few times before that.
But I mean, most recently, yeah.
So right behind my back.
Like, I was there.
In front of your face, I mean, you were there too.
Like, under my nose and behind my back.
So you are jealous about this?
I told you.
You were there on the trip.
I'm not jealous.
I'd like to be notified
of new friendships.
I don't want to have to find out about them.
Should I notify you about every friendship that I had?
Well, can I tell you something like,
my friendships are weird.
I was just watching.
I remember
there's this one time I was driving around
because I was smoking. It was early morning
on a Sunday morning.
And you were on Twitter and you were talking about
how you were driving around in the morning on Twitter.
And then we started tweeting at each other
while we were driving.
And we were like, we should go run our cars and do each other.
No, yeah, because we made a joke.
Because I was like, wait a minute.
If he's tweeting and driving, it's a little dangerous.
You guys get up early in the morning and go to a bakery?
Well, first off, I was up all night actually.
He was up this morning.
I was up all night because of those amazing breakfast burritos
by my house. And I'm like, I'm going to get him this time.
And like, I waited, I waited.
And it was like 6 a.m.
And I'm like, and I'm tweeting about it because I'm like,
I got to stay awake for that burrito.
So I drove around and stayed awake.
But we were tweeting each other.
Oh, wait, you talk.
I'm jealous because your lives are more exciting than mine.
They're not that exciting.
They're exciting.
I haven't looked forward to anything that much
in the last 20 years.
So we were driving around,
waiting.
What did they have?
When you guys hang out, do you talk at the same time?
No, it's kind of like, it's give and take.
Sometimes I got to hold back, sometimes he's got to hold back.
I'm holding back.
You know what I mean?
It's like tug of war.
Now he's going to tug.
It's a real contest of war.
What does it look like?
As someone who's known you for 9 to 13 years,
I'd like to know what it looks like
when you hold back.
Show me.
I guess if I'm mad, I'll just be quiet.
It's weird. It sucks.
Yeah, he's usually mad.
Just show me for a second.
So, Abed.
Man, I really love alternative music.
I wish there was somebody I could talk to about it.
That's not very holding it back.
No, actually, I don't really have much to say about
a turnholder.
I mean, that's in the answer.
I mean, that's in what it is.
Yeah, I didn't land that bit very well.
No, no, no, no. I don't have a theory on that.
Like, if you maybe had to change the topic,
maybe that would be harder for me to resist.
Yeah, I wish I knew more about tornadoes
or nuclear subs.
Oh, he's holding back.
That's more Spencer's bailiwick, I would think.
Sure is, yeah. What do you need to know?
Well, um...
See, you guys complement it.
You guys complete each other.
That's what it is. I saw this movie.
It's like if Wikipedia was hanging out with...
I don't know, Grindr? What are you?
Grindr?
I don't know how to characterize you.
Is that the perfect storm?
It's like a cake website
when you buy cakes.
Then I am like, what is this, Grindr?
Like, you grind shit? No, I know what it is.
Spencer, do you have a take on nuclear subs?
I saw you kind of light up over there.
Oh, I mean, they're not really nuclear.
It's a common misconception.
See, he would hold back.
They run on a nuclear fuel source, don't they?
Well, they run on a nucleated fuel source.
What's the difference, Spencer Critten?
That's a word, nucleated. Did you just make that up?
Yeah, I did.
No, I was like, I've never heard that before.
Guys, I mean...
I was intrigued. I was like, oh, my God, my vocabulary.
I want to go get a muffin with you guys so bad.
Yeah.
We haven't been the last few times.
There's also a zany comic candy shop right next door.
Yeah, Rocket Fizz.
Yeah, it's like got crazy things like candy from the 70s.
It's probably been there since the 70s.
It's... yeah.
I'm jealous, too, now. I don't know if you are.
I don't like anything that's going on up here.
It's not very often. I mean, we just played Magic today.
It was fun.
For like six hours, right?
No, I fucking can play that game until the cows come home.
It's a great game, Magic.
It's really...
I bet you were saying backstage that you felt a little guilty
because you attacked Spencer and you felt like he didn't take it well,
but you said that's part...
Oh, yeah, well, because when we play Magic,
we don't get anyone here that doesn't play Magic.
I doubt it.
But anyway, much like this guy's Minecraft obsession,
like, I played Magic when I was in high school.
I really liked it. I was really good at it.
And then I just put it away for a while,
and then every once in a while I'll meet someone
that wants to play and my deck is still sitting there.
So I'm like, all right, might as well dust this off.
And we played and, like,
I noticed something that when we played in a group,
if, like, let's say I attacked Spencer,
he's going to feel like,
oh, man, are you pissed off of me or something?
I'm really outraged.
Yeah, it's like, it's mad.
And it's like, it's not personal, dude.
It's a game.
It's personal.
This guy's amassing a crazy army.
I have to stop him.
It's like nothing to do with me liking or not liking Spencer.
And then, like, no matter what, he'll get mad.
Just like, all right, now I'm going to really fuck him up.
We play in these big groups, and it's all political.
So, like, I become a character.
I tell people what to do and, like,
try and get people to do things that benefit me
because it's a big part of it.
Yeah, he's like kind of like the puppet master.
I don't know the game.
Is there a dungeon master or is everybody a player?
No, you're all playing the same game, but, you know,
in theory, it's like you're all fighting.
So if I was like, hey, man, it'd be better
if you punched him in the face here and then I could kick him in the leg.
It's kind of like that, where it's like,
if you do this here, that'll help me out,
but I'm trying to convince you why I would help you out, too.
Imagine if you could be as violent as possible
with spells and creatures,
but no, like, there's no drawbacks.
Like, no one's going to put you in jail.
I mean, that's where this guy shines.
He comes through like a fucking zenith
and he's just like, crazy zenith,
Phoenix, and then he just, like,
just destroys and it takes everyone apart.
It's, it's...
He beat me with, like, 900 points.
They dealt 900 damage to him.
Yeah, and I'm like, 900, like,
I'd have to be playing this game for 70 hours
to get 900 points.
Normally you do 20 damage to kill someone as well.
Yeah, I know.
It's magic power.
Yeah, well, the bakery part's like...
I just had lost time.
Like on X-Files?
Yeah, that's what I said.
The clock just changed from 839 to 849.
That conversation proves
there's a paranormal
force in the world.
It's a paranormal.
It's evidence of the unknown.
Yeah, evidence of the
evidence of the paranormal that are normal.
Uh...
No, they'd be more like
a paranormal that are mall.
Like bad.
I can't, I can't get out of that one.
What do you think is the worst...
If you, if you, if you don't,
if you don't want to answer, don't,
because I mean...
Oh, you mean the game again where I try not to answer?
No, no, no, no, no.
I'm going into my in-depth interview.
Oh, oh, alright. I'll put on my Larry King answering hat.
What do you think the worst
thing you've ever done?
Oh, the worst thing you've ever done?
Another person? Oh, my God.
One thing comes to mind, but...
It's not that bad, because I had it done back to me.
So does that...
Cancel it out?
I don't know. Is it just a pillow fight or...
Um...
Hey, I want to say...
You gotta tell us about it.
It sucks to admit this, because it's fucked up.
But I was like, I can't remember...
Yeah, there's two things.
What's the worst? Say the worst.
Start with the better one.
Okay, the better one is, like, I...
I peed in a cup, and then I put it in the freezer,
and it was nice and cold,
because I figured coldness will detect...
It won't be able to detect its piss.
Then I mixed it with, like, a little bit of country time.
When you say he, who is the target on this one?
Oh, my cousin. I can't remember what he did to me.
And then I served it to him, just like...
Oh, my God, it's so hot outside.
Dude, have some lemonade.
First of all...
Did you put any lemonade in it, or was it just pee?
I was trying to, like, mask the taste.
So you put, like, powdered country time...
No, no, the kind in the can, I think.
Or the bottle, whatever it was.
You mixed your pee, your refrigerated pee, with lemonade.
What else?
And served it to your cousin on a hot day.
I want a fucking horrible...
I want to hit pause.
Spencer, at what temperature does pee freeze?
Oh, that'd be, uh, 32 degrees Celsius.
Wow, how does it freeze?
Yeah, wow.
I just make all it up. It's just all made up.
I think at the temperature, the pee boils it.
Alright, so what happened with your cousin?
Yeah, I mean, like, I was shocked, first of all,
because I was so scared.
I'm like, he's not just going to accept a glass of lemonade
out of the blue.
I'm just standing right there, like, have some lemonade,
and he's like, wait a minute,
you're giving me lemonade, like, I would be suspicious.
But he was just like, oh, yeah!
He just tried to...
He said, I have this feeling in my mind of, like, success
but failure, because it's like...
You're telling me that if someone offered you
a glass of lemonade,
your first thought would be,
this might be his pee,
and yet...
No one just offers you lemonade.
And yet, when Justin told you famously once
that Lindsay Lohan was coming over
to his apartment so you should clean up
and get a six pack of beer,
you did it.
When was that? I don't remember that.
This is years ago.
But I'm saying, you are famously gullible.
First of all, I've never been that amazed
by Lindsay Lohan, so I question this one.
Well, I don't think that you were like, I'm her biggest fan,
but you were like, she's a celebrity as you clean up.
Maybe it was like Mandy Moore and her Hayden.
You're famously gullible.
Yeah, I know, but I don't...
Well, whatever.
No, but look, see, this is one of those things
where it's a learning lesson,
because you're like, oh man,
I gotta do this just because I can do it.
But then you're like later going like,
what did this serve?
No point.
You didn't tell him, and he didn't notice.
I told him later.
You told him later after he drank the whole thing?
Yeah, he drank the whole thing.
He sucked it down like it was his own piss.
He didn't give a fuck.
And like it was Waterworld.
Right, yeah.
Like Dennis Hopper in Waterworld.
I thought, Abed,
take us through the denouement.
He brings the cup up to his mouth,
and what happens next?
He guzzled down the whole...
He took a couple sips, and then he was...
Like it was his own piss.
He was enjoying it as though
he had just poured himself an ice-cold glass
of his own urine.
I was watching it, and it was like fascination
and horror, because I'm like...
You would have thought it was the guy's own urine
the way he guzzled it.
What?
He didn't detect anything was wrong
with the lemonade?
No, he just drank it a couple times.
How much lemonade? What was the ratio?
It must have been a lot.
He's holding up a solo cup
with like two fingers of...
Two fingers of pee.
I was peeing in a cup.
I was like, Waterworld's gonna be too full.
And then I had to like move the side,
and I got to pee that much.
And then you topped it off.
70% lemonade.
I would say like 70% lemonade.
Just that whisper of...
Whisper of your...
Suggestion of strangers piss.
I would love a lemonade with suggestion of piss.
So he gets through it.
Does he ever go like...
That's terrible lemonade.
No, I think he drinks it,
and because there's like the ratios
over, you know, more lemonade than piss,
he can taste more of the lemonade.
So he's kind of like...
It looks like he's gonna freak out,
but he doesn't.
Because I'm on like pins and needles,
and I'm like...
And then it's like he doesn't know,
and I'm like, you get away with it,
and you're like, fuck.
I feel horrible.
I won, but I don't feel like I won.
I feel like I really did something bad.
Did you ever tell him?
Yeah, no, he didn't...
Nothing happened, and then later I told him,
and then he freaked out.
I didn't ask for the worst thing.
Yeah, but I was like...
And I told him, I was like,
I can't believe you couldn't tell.
Shame on you.
Holy shit, I was waiting for you to figure it out.
You drank that shit?
Is it possible?
Is it possible that your piss is delicious?
That it's not too tart,
not too sweet?
I was like a 12-year-old boy, maybe,
but not now.
I was like ripe,
no alcohol.
I connected
different dots.
The tangy taste
of Flintstones vitamins.
Maybe a little bit of Centrum, too.
Throw it in.
On those crazy weekends,
you're like, I'm gonna have a Centrum, fuck it!
You know?
Your grandpa's away.
Yeah, they're at the park.
Centrum!
And you eat like seven Centrums?
What was it?
Was that worse than the second thing?
Yeah, I think that is worse,
just because when I was doing it,
I was feeling so guilty.
The worst thing is when he peed in his brother's pee.
Because his brother loves to drink his own pee.
It's one thing
to spike country time lemonade, but...
Yeah.
They're gonna know.
Alright, sorry, go ahead.
But this is the one that
came to me later in life,
which deservingly so, I couldn't get mad.
Because I was like, well, I did do that to somebody.
And anyway,
I did this to my brother.
I took, like, cayenne pepper
and I put it in water
and then I put it in a super-soaker.
And then I went up to him and squirted his eyes.
And like...
I think that's worse.
Yeah, that's pretty bad, I know.
And he was like screaming.
I think that's called aggravated assault.
It was so evil and rotten.
And I remember my mom being like,
who are you?
Who does that?
Are you like a Bond supervillain?
You know, like, that's not like you.
You're not evil, you're not manipulative
and crazy.
And I'm like, I don't know.
I mean, sometimes you get mad.
You just gotta strike out.
And then what happened was later in life
I was hanging out with Justin.
And I fell asleep at his house.
And of course, when you hang out with Justin
and he's like, woo-hoo!
In one of his moods, he doesn't want you to fall asleep.
He needs a partner in crime.
So he got so mad that I fell asleep
that he wakes me up and then he just dumps
like water with cayenne pepper in my eyes.
You know, like, just like,
wake up, wake up!
And then like...
Did he do that because he knows that you had done that in the past?
No, no, no. I think I told him later.
Really? Yeah, because I said like, I was like,
you know, I didn't really get that mad
and he was like, he was like, oh, no shit.
And then I told him the story.
And anyway, but what's crazy is like,
I just remember, like, I think I was in a dream
and then I just woke up
to like instant pain and blindness.
If you dump cayenne pepper water
on somebody while they're sleeping, you better be
certain they're not going to murder you afterwards.
No, I was like, I felt it was a nightmare
because I was in so much pain, but I was like,
what's happening? Like, where am I?
I was at a slumber party one time
when a girl stepped on my hand and I just
went to sleep, punched her and knocked her out.
Somebody fucking actually
abused me while I was asleep.
It would be murder. Wait, she just woke you up?
I was sleeping and she was trying to go to the kitchen
in college and people were all laying
all over the floor. Oh yeah, like in 16 candles.
And it was very jammed.
And someone just, she walked
and like stepped on my wrist.
Oh, I hate when that happens.
Bang! It really hurt her.
Did you punch her in the vagina?
You're laying down.
She was kind of crawling and I socked her in the head.
She was crawling. Right in the temple.
You had a dream about a raging bull?
Oh Jesus Christ, what the fuck? I was like, what's happening?
I don't know what's going on. I was silly.
I woke up and somebody's standing above me
laughing, pouring fucking.
It was like King Hippo and then he like,
he like punches him in the dream and he wakes up
and it's like a girl.
I have a big collection of my friends
when they pass out at parties.
I will put things on them.
But it's all stuff, if they wake up, it comes off.
There's like no like in like Sharpie markers.
Yeah, like no fucking can pepper.
I'll put signs on them.
I covered Dan in Post-it notes one time
and you're a little Post-it monster.
Ian Justin once drew like a penis on a girl's face
and that was funny.
Because that's like harmless.
It was with a Sharpie.
The best photo I've ever taken was when Jay Johnson passed out
and I made a duct tape.
I took some duct tape and a Sharpie marker.
I made a mustache.
He had like a nice big handlebar, a mustache made out of duct tape.
And then this girl whose house we're at,
she had playboy bunny ears.
So I put those on his head.
And the amazing thing was you couldn't wake Jay up.
You didn't have to tiptoe around.
You could speak full voice.
I said, Henry, let's play my bunny ears.
We had put a million...
I had him dressed up as an old lady.
He looked like a money python old lady.
And he had like a thousand pieces of clothes on.
He was just never moved a muscle.
And then I made a big sign.
He had the playboy bunny ears on.
And he was like, that's a good racist.
That's amazing.
It's a great picture.
I have that on my phone.
He asked me to remove it from my phone.
I said, but can I keep it?
Because you can keep it, but you can't show it to people.
I have it on my phone.
But I don't show it to anybody.
No.
I mean, maybe you do, but we don't know.
You show it to Jay though, right?
No, I wouldn't. He would pound me into the earth.
If you're on your death bed, it's totally fine.
The reason Jay let me keep it,
because even he agreed it's a very good picture.
Yeah, I mean, it would have been a crime to delete that thing.
If you're about to go on a coma,
you'll be like, dude, before this coma,
you got to see this picture.
Shit.
I got to tell you one thing.
So Justin did that to me,
and then his mom made him feel bad.
Like, he was like fine with it
until she's like, how could you do that to your friend?
I feel like I'm watching a stand-up show on Nickelodeon.
All right.
Well, dude, that's our lives together, man.
I met him, I'm like, man.
You ever sleepin' over at a friend's house?
They do some shit?
Then they mom get mad?
I didn't do nothing.
She's like, what are you doing?
I don't know.
She's not my mom.
We'll be right back.
She didn't kill.
You said three quarters of the n-words.
I know.
Nickelodeon.
Were you doing Nickelodeon?
Is that what he said?
Did I say that or was I repeating
somebody else saying Nickelodeon?
If that's not the title of this episode,
I'll eat my fucking hat.
It better be Nickelodeon.
You don't have to name it that, dude.
Let's all protect ourselves
and make them feel awkward by bringing up
DeMorge Brown!
Do I move down like Letterman?
No, don't move down.
Just behave yourself.
It's so hot in here.
Hello, DeMorge.
Yeah, I brought you up because one time
you substituted for Aaron
when we played D&D and I thought it went quite well.
Oh, thank you very much.
That's what I do.
I sit in the judge.
Who did well in D&D this week?
You're Judge D.
Andy.
I mean, you're going to...
No, I had to get that one out.
Right.
You can't sit on that fucking...
fucking ingot of gold on that one.
It was a two-parter.
Don't keep your light under a pressure.
You're Judge D.
D&D.
You like Judge Judy?
Judge Dredd?
Yeah, Judge Dredd, but he's in a hurry.
He's like, Judge D.
It's the same amount of syllables.
Wow.
Everyone's so fast these days.
They got to zip through words.
What are a couple of old fellas
like I was supposed to do in this room?
I was sitting here pronouncing shit.
I mean, you get old and cranky.
Oh, God. Who knows?
I'll get taken down like a fucking wild deer.
I think you'll be like a crazy...
You'll be like the guy that...
You'll be the get-off-my-lawn guy.
Yeah.
Get-off-my-lawn, you rotten kids.
Jesus.
But not like that.
You'll be for real, you'll be yourself.
You'll be all frantic and you'll be not wanting them on your lawn.
I see him more as a get-on-my-lawn kind of guy.
Just like, kids, get on my lawn!
Don't go by that guy's house.
His house, yeah.
He wants you on his lawn.
Don't go past Old Man Abbot's house.
He'll come out and wash your windshield.
I like that me and DeMorge...
You're probably always out.
You're always out on your front lawn.
I'm always because it's like, man, it's so boring in there.
What's going on out in this world?
Whoa, kids coming by?
Oh, man.
Our Frisbee went over the fence in the Old Man Gates house.
Oh, man, don't go in there.
Did he burn me a CD?
He's like...
It's pretty good, but still...
It took like three hours.
I had to hear about all the track information and it was fucking...
Burned me a CD and then downloaded all of Farscape.
Yeah, yeah.
I'd sit him through like five...
Wait, okay, first five episodes, come on, but we'll get through that.
This is how we met.
You actually gave me Dark Place.
Well, I gave it to Dan,
but you were in the office and you said,
can I take this?
In return, I'll give you Farscape
and I said, I don't know where that is.
And then I lost three months of my life sitting on a couch.
I still need a copy of Dark Place.
I still have the same copy.
That was a copy that Bill Hader gave me.
Oh, really? Yeah.
Wow, that's amazing.
You said, all right, you can borrow it.
And then a year later, you said,
I still have your copy.
It's in the truck.
It was.
Now, time to pass for me.
It's just like...
It's just a regular old podcast.
I have a link in his friends.
Hey, who borrowed my hoe?
I know my garden hoe.
I gave it to you the other day.
Um...
Jamorra, did you say you had a George Takei story?
Barely. It's me and Josh Vadim, actually.
And we went to get sushi in Little Tokyo
at a place called Frying Fish,
which is a carousel.
Yeah, it's a carousel.
What? Give it up for Frying Fish, yo!
That's it.
Jamorra's up here now.
Okay.
But Abed is, too.
Imagine that you did move down the couch.
Oh, like mentally.
Yeah, like mentally move down the couch.
I'm going to watch that happen.
Yeah, no.
Okay, just that.
And we're sitting at two chairs next to each other.
I'm with Josh Vadim.
The stools are very close together.
They're very small, so you can't even keep things in your pocket.
So my phone's out. I know it's out.
And we're well into this sushi thing.
I'm eating some kind of dragon surprise shit.
That's just pee.
Yeah.
But a tiny bit of green tea.
And my phone goes off.
It's a text.
I look at it.
It's from Josh,
who is sitting next to me.
So I furl my brow like this.
And I'm like, this fucking better be good.
And I open it, and it says,
Sulu.
And I've just been cranking this
in the second and a half just, what the fuck?
And I look up, and as I look up,
I see Takai, and I go,
Sulu!
She!
And he's staring right at us, and then he just smiles.
And goes,
Can I replicate his laugh?
It's like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
He laughs like the camera.
He's Mr. Magoo?
No, it's like, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, ah, ah.
He laughs like the camera. It's cool though.
It's cool laugh.
You laugh like that, right?
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
It's like that kind of laugh.
It was that.
What is it that happens to you when you come on stage?
What?
Are you thinking like,
you remind me of Fuzzy Bear.
You said that before.
Sorry, you said that before.
No, you're kind of like,
the show must go on.
Well, no, I mean,
he's a showman then.
How does Fuzzy Bear laugh?
Oh, Kermit!
Wait, it's like...
That's all of the family.
That's Edith.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Ah, Kermit is so funny.
Ah, it's so funny.
I am so funny.
Will somebody give me a favor online
when this podcast drops?
Play that against Fuzzy Bear.
Let's see how accurate that is.
Ah, walk, walk, walk.
That's not a laugh.
Give me some Miss Piggy.
Like, oh, Kermit,
I really love you.
That's actually quite good.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Give me some Swedish Chef.
That was easy, that was easy.
Give me some Roosevelt Franklin.
Which one is he again?
Zach.
I can do the fish guy.
He's the Franklin of Sesame Street.
The guy throws fish.
What's his name?
He's that guy.
Ah, but if I keep you up here...
Well, look, I'll behave.
I know you're going with this.
I've known you a long time.
I don't know where you're going with this.
I mean, I actually feel like you might be a...
You might be good playing D&D.
I played before.
He'll be a good Christopher.
He's like a human road flare.
I don't know how to work him.
I read the instructions and I go,
here's Abbot, and then it's like...
People are losing eyes and stuff.
And I don't...
Or it just doesn't work. It just lays there.
Demorge, did you play Mulraine
or Christopher last time you were here?
I think you played Mulraine.
I was the unicorn last time I was here.
So you had not played...
No, Demorge played Mulraine and Sonana.
But now Mulraine is gone.
We can cast whoever as Dignity.
I was the guy last time that sung Lady in Red.
I would have Abbot play Christopher,
yes, and have Demorge play
Dignity Sarsgard.
Dignity means...
Aaron committed seppuku last time
and re-emerged as a new character
and she has a different name.
She didn't lose a step.
No.
Well, unicorns...
Come style stop.
Don't stop.
Whenever you hesitate,
hit the gas pedal.
Oh, man!
I was watching Seinfeld.
I need an opposite George kind of thing.
Because that would help me out.
I don't ever fucking balk up here.
I want you to fucking throw high and hard.
I mean, unicorns like...
They kind of...
They have more than a step. They have sort of a glide.
I suppose, yeah.
It's like, you know that...
It's like you see them glide and then rainbow
sprinkles come from behind their hubs kind of thing.
That's how they move.
Is there anything...
I was listening to some podcast.
It was people talking about all the things that they...
They were personally
humiliated to find out.
They didn't know until they were
much too old.
One of the examples that that reminded me of
is there's a girl who was telling a story
of how she thought that unicorns
were real animals until she was like
30 at a party.
And it was like at a party and people were talking
about endangered animals and she
piped in with like,
what about unicorns? Are they endangered?
And found out then
that she just thought that...
I so wish I was there.
That's awesome. But you know what?
She had the best 30 years of anyone's life.
Well, that's... Yeah, that's a thing.
There's a lot of people, yeah, like, well, I mean,
I can't remember what the other examples were.
She didn't spend any of those 30 years seeking one out.
Like going to find...
Where would you see one?
She just figured that they were in Africa or something.
I don't know. I don't know where she thought they were.
But...
I went to school with a girl who...
She was a new student when I was in ninth grade,
I think, or eighth grade, ninth grade.
Who failed her first exam
because she was convinced
she had been taught,
as her parents angrily stated later,
that the South had won the war.
Whoa!
She'd gone to an academy and they brought in
her work and it was just a book
that had rationalized the whole thing and had created
this whole... This is where she had gone to school.
That's like evil Santa Claus line, you know?
One step, one step.
The Santa Claus is bad, but that's fucking worse.
Wait.
Abed, go on.
I was like...
You lied to a kid about Santa Claus.
We were talking about this.
We were, yeah.
But with you lying about that shit,
that's like fucking with a kid's sense of history.
That's bullshit.
I don't get the impression that they told
the kid the South won the war
so that they would think that they were living
in a better world.
I think they...
Is that what it was?
She took this exam.
Later, take the test because she'd gotten there
on a Tuesday or something, the test was on Friday.
So just to be part of the school.
And a lot of it was blue book stuff.
And I guess the teacher kind of
was frazzled, lost his head over the whole thing.
And on Monday, she said,
I can't even give you a grade on this so you fail.
Because what are you even thinking?
These opinions don't...
Everything you have written is insane.
And she was in tears and went crazy.
Her parents came in to match for this conference
and they went step by step
trying to explain that in their education
this is what...
It goes back.
She had a book, like the text
that she had used when she learned
the history of the United States.
Editorially rationalized
this sort of conclusion
that that was why the flag was still
flown down there and that is why.
Her alphabet had three K's.
Her spelling books were like,
they showed black people as slaves still.
It was insane.
And so the parents
apparently, and I know this from teachers,
I was on student council, that apparently
the parents argument was that's
upper debate. It depends on how you define
the one. What is winning?
Had to be there, had to be there.
Well, that's the point
where it starts to actually get fascinated
because it's like, yeah, what the fuck, what is it?
I think unconditional surrender
of your army and your ability to be more.
They signed a surrender document, didn't they?
Yeah, they signed a whole document.
Yes, but we're talking about
two parents who are saying this is why
the flag is still
flown on our porch down here.
And they're saying we don't acknowledge
that surrender document.
Why isn't there like a flag cop that shows up and he's like,
so you got the wrong flag,
you would take that, this is the right one.
Why isn't he doing his job?
Then they sent her
back in an all new flag cop. Check it out, Friday.
That decision is made at the state level.
What would the pilot
for flag cop be?
The pilot?
We're a studio, you're pitching us
your show flag cop.
I mean, flag cop,
it's like the first episode is like...
Who is flag cop?
He's a cop who has to see if people
have the right flag or not.
Don't take some in.
The pilot's like the first episode is like
his best friend from my childhood.
Still, like he said, was raised
thinking the South really happened.
South won the war.
It's still happening, baby.
Flag cop is torn between two sides.
South is still happening.
But he goes against everything I believe.
What do I do?
What's the season finale
of flag cop?
Where he finds out
that he was brainwashed as a kid
and that he actually does believe in the other flag?
So he has to like think.
Like everything I've been taught is a lie.
And then you're like, next season,
was it really a lie
or was he tricked into thinking that?
Sounds about as good
as most TV these days.
He didn't give me much to work with.
He gave me flag cop.
I could see this on Netflix.
Could flag cop be into different flags?
Or is it only about the North and the South?
Well, like in season two,
we go, well,
the flag is kind of like cool,
but I like that design in the Brazil flag.
It looks like a cool globe.
It's all blue with stars.
And so he's like, he falls in love with this Brazilian girl
that's like, she's really
working for Brazil to kind of trick him,
but he doesn't know that.
So the whole season you think, oh, he just found a girlfriend,
but like, she's really against him.
And in the last episode, we're like,
That sounds better than most TV.
It's probably
season is Confederate versus US flag,
and it's like a really popular show,
really critically lauded.
And then second season, they do like
the wire doing the stevedores, you know.
He's right, he's right.
The wire could be about any kind of wire.
And then third season,
they're like, okay, yeah, but seriously,
how about those crack dealers?
So then third season, we go back
to his roots, like who taught him
about flags.
When does the movie come out?
We're gonna be like season five.
There's a cool, like Emmy
nominated episode
where he's having a talk
to create his medication, and he meets
Betsy Ross.
Well, it's like Betsy Ross
in his great-great-grandfather
dating, you see.
So like, his great-great-great-grandfather
was like her first lover, but then
she dumped him for George Washington.
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Fuck, me and my history
don't apologize, I mean.
Anyway, Betsy Ross and him almost hooked up,
but then she like dumped him for this
like, Bronn Bones, you know,
CB Hollow guy that's like,
and he like, wins her over.
What does Flag Cop think of those parking lot guys
that are just waving orange flags?
No loyalty.
It's crazy like seizure where he's like,
they don't understand.
I mean like, goes into a seizure of like,
you know, like yeah, it's like it's kryptonite.
He can't see flags.
Yeah, because he sees a flag trapped.
You know, like it's like, oh, I gotta free that flag.
Is there a whole flag department,
police department?
Is he just one cop among many flag cops?
No, he's like the laughing stock
of his department, because everyone's like,
you're just investigating flags, man.
I don't know what it's like out there.
Hey cop, he's like, hey, look.
He goes down with flags too.
Catch any flags today?
Hey, hey, Murphy.
Murphy, here comes Flag Cop.
Hey, look.
My flag is billowing too much in the wind.
You want to fucking do something about that?
That's the pilot is the guys
that get made fun of like that.
And then a fucking senator is killed with a flag.
And the homicide department's like,
fuck.
We have no...
I want these departments working together on this one.
This is a flag crime and a homicide.
It's finally Flag Cop's moment.
And he's like, I've been waiting for this my whole career.
Which flag was it?
I don't know, I see some stars.
That's not specific enough.
There's stars in a million flags.
The knot's too tight.
Well, don't touch it. There's evidence on it.
And the whole thing's about untying that knot.
You're untying the flag the whole season.
Don't let it touch the ground.
Yeah, you can't let it touch the ground either.
It might be an American flag.
He knows where it's been.
There's a bad guy who lives on a mountain.
He has a flag and he's slowly lowering it
towards the ground.
If you don't get there,
by the time the flag touches the ground,
he'll murder somebody.
No, he won't murder somebody.
He keeps murdering people until you make him.
The reason they come up there,
because the flag is going to touch the ground by season.
He wants the flag to touch the ground?
The bad guy's lowering it to the ground.
And Flag Cop has to keep it from touching the ground.
I don't know what the stakes are.
I just know.
Because you open the episode with
Flag Cop like raising a flag,
and it's like he knows the time
of when a flag has to hit the top and the bottom.
Yeah.
It's like 24.
It's a ticking clock thing.
It doesn't count down
to a flag touching the ground.
How much time do they have to save all the hostage?
He has to go through a series of puzzles
to get to the place before.
Can Christo play that guy?
I was just going to ask who's playing flag.
There's a flag cop out there.
Oh, flag cop?
A flag cop?
I blurted that out.
I can't top that.
Can we get Fitty to play flag cop?
Oh, Fitty would be perfect.
I just want to see him in more stuff,
but I don't know if he's right for the part.
We could probably...
As long as I.S.T. plays the commissioner.
Flag cop, you fucked up again!
Shit!
Fool, you fucked up again, flag cop!
Get in my office!
I've never seen anybody
earn so few stripes
protecting stripes.
The irony...
Flag cop, get the fuck out of here!
Go do your job!
Flag cop, shit!
What, am I here for my health?
God damn it!
And then halfway through the season at the vending machine?
You have to play Fitty for this.
He'll be I.S.T. and you're Fitty.
You're flag cop.
At the vending machine,
I'm just describing an event that happens.
I.S.T. has been riding the guy
for the whole season.
He's always riding him.
And then he's putting some money
in the vending machine
and he drops his wallet.
And an old I.D. falls out
revealing that I.S.T.
when he got started was on the flag
department.
That's why I ride you so hard.
Because I know you can do better.
That's brilliant, that's brilliant.
I love it, I love it.
And you gotta work twice as hard
when you're a flag cop.
Because all people see is a fucking flag cop.
Doesn't matter how good you are.
Shit, Miranda rights,
due process,
quotas, you can fuck all that.
Flag cop.
Sorry, I thought that was a theme song.
There's an alarm going off at Flag Cop Central.
Flag cop.
You better take care of that, boss, fuck.
You bet your ass you better take care of it.
Yo, am I going to get a raise though?
For real, I've been working so hard.
Man, the only thing that gets raised around here
are flags, get the fuck out of here.
Don't do your job.
Alright Spencer, let's play some D&D, shall we?
Dan, if you were to...
Flag cop, really?
That's a show?
Flag cop should be a show?
I would see the ad for it and be like,
that's a show?
Flag cop?
Channel 101 show.
If Homeland can be in its sixth season.
I haven't even watched it.
That show, terrorist senator.
That's basically 24, just from a different angle.
Alright, you're Christopher.
Do I give you this?
Pass it down.
Keep your character and pass the others down.
Of course.
Where am I?
These are all three pages, these are all dignity?
Alright, let me see it.
It's okay.
This is Quark, and he's only one page,
so I assume one of those pages is okay.
That's Quark.
Passes all the way down to Jeff.
We can edit this part out later, maybe?
I hope so.
If you're listening at home, get up,
make yourself a nice cold beverage.
The show brought to you by Pee.
Who doesn't like a nice,
distracting lemonade Pee?
Are you in the bathroom and you're wondering,
how do I get that?
Country time Pee tastes just like you, or Pee.
I never took an abyss and wondered,
I want that in my body.
How do I do that?
Country time.
Alright, are we good to go?
Doctor, take us on a magic voyage.
Okay.
Last time on Harmontown,
our heroes were safe for the moment.
After losing Mulraine in combat
and taking refuge from Admiral Darkstar,
Darkstar,
in the Town of Rose Book,
our heroes rested in the constabulary
with their new friend,
Dignity the Paladin.
Our heroes went
to inspect the magical barrier
defending the town and ran into
Father Tinder, who was handing out
juice to everyone.
After a great internal turmoil,
debate and many skill-chain checks,
our gang decided the juice was safe
and drank the delicious juice.
They were
so enamored by the juice
that they demanded to see the juicery
where it was made.
Father Tinder took the gang to the juicery,
but outside was a drunken knight
named Darmvan.
The drunk accused the Father Tinder
of putting the entire village
in danger
and attacked, but as Chris de Burgh
moved to intervene, the drunken knight
fell on his own blade,
impaling himself.
But what did Darmvan mean with his strange words?
What secrets
did the juicery hold?
Why is everyone
so interested in juice?
What the fuck is going on
to my left?
Find out on an all-new episode
of Harmontown Time.
Sorry, man, we were like distracted
by the big guys. No, no, it's cool.
I just can't see, because Dan's in the way,
but very clearly something insane
is going on.
It's just the big hunk-ice is what I'm hearing.
You're in a hunk of guys. I don't know.
That's not interesting at all, really.
This also is not interesting,
but there's no easy way to make people
drinks up here.
Usually it's not a problem, because
we don't usually have drinkers up here.
I'm suddenly not complaining.
I just couldn't see at all.
But we should have a pill
that makes your fingernails stop growing,
and we should have a little dispenser up here
that you could just...
Like in a big robot that's like,
you want drinks, here you go.
Just get a bartender.
If you're holding, you've got to have a robot,
because a robot doesn't care if you...
If we just kick him around a bit,
we'll pay the guy.
Hey, you dumb robot, give me a drink.
Every night, we could
put up like 50 bucks,
and we'll have somebody from the...
There'll be a number under someone's seat.
50 bucks? Where would they stand?
Over here, or maybe over here,
in the 10 bar.
I'll do it for 50 bucks.
I know you would,
but it would also be interesting,
to have a random person from the audience
each week bartender.
No, it's too low.
No, you low-balled it.
100.
Let's try next week,
$100 surprise bartender.
I like it.
We'll put the bucket over here,
and if we snap our fingers,
they're getting paid to come bring us drinks.
We'll mic them up
and throw one over there, Tony,
and then Tony can go,
my name's Alice.
We're talking a higher bit ratio.
You're going to get two more bits each show.
From the time you make the drinks,
you get more bits.
I think every week,
we find a different way to select,
like it'll be some
whose driver's license number
ends with a thing, or I don't know,
we'll find a way to select somebody.
Well, I will change my driver's license.
Dan, just give Abad $100.
I'm just joking.
I'm having fun.
I keep thinking about the thought experiment
of taking Abad, Gaith,
and Steve Brody
up to an elevator
on the top floor of a really tall building
and putting them both in it,
and pressing the lobby button,
and then running down and just waiting
to see what's going on in that elevator.
Steve Brody?
Brody Stevens.
Yes.
I know him.
You got it.
I think if Brody Stevens
and Abad touched fingers,
they would create a singularity.
You should have stand up.
Steve Brody.
I used to do stand up with Brody Stevens.
I know him.
I have photographs of that.
We were all distracted.
I'm sorry, doing your eloquent soliloquy there.
There was an ice situation, I think.
You guys,
you were outside the juicery
after having ingested this lovely juice.
Right.
And Darvon the Knight, he had came up
and he was like,
you guys, you fucking guys,
you're going to kill us all.
We're all dead.
And then he attacked,
and he fell on his own blade.
And that just happened.
And then you guys were all like,
we're still excited about juice.
I get down by
Darvon's head,
like they do in the movies when someone's dying.
Darvon.
In case he's got some extra words
to squeeze out.
He's like, you got to stop
him.
We'll all die.
Is that Darvon?
Yeah. Is he talking about Father Tinder, you think?
Or Admiral Darkstar.
Oh, by the way, while that's happening,
I loot him.
You're going to loot the man while he's dying?
I'm fucking, I'm
looting everybody that dies.
Father Tinder's like, hey man, that's fucked up.
There's like, you know...
Yeah, don't die.
There's what do you call them, estates and shit?
There's laws, like...
Oh, Father Tinder's standing right there?
Yeah, he's all here.
I take it out, I just put it on the ground and go,
this guy's got lots of shit.
Oh yeah, but I mean, that's got to go to his family.
Okay, well, I take inventory of what he's got.
Five gold pieces.
One belt buckle.
Three torches.
One sword.
A half-plate mail suit of armor.
That's all.
Dibs on the buckle.
My pants are falling down.
I think we're going to play it cool here.
Father Tinder, why was this guy so irate
and accusing you of horrible things?
Well, we all just saw it.
Don't you remember?
That literally happened seconds ago.
I said, why do you think he would be doing that?
Oh, I know why.
He was possessed by the demon of alcohol.
The second the alcohol reached his lips,
he was already dead.
Woo!
Sounded like someone spiked his punch.
Could I, as a paladin,
name Dignity,
could I perhaps
pull out
my ability to smite evil
two times per day?
Tonight, the role of Dignity's guard
will be played by President Barack Obama.
Yeah, what evil do you want to smite, though?
Well, I'm assuming the father's got
some sort of darkness in him.
Must not sleep between the two,
or is it just general evil?
As it happens, you're a paladin,
and you can detect evil,
yet you detect no evil among him,
and you get the feeling if you tried to smite his evil,
it wouldn't smite.
If you tried to smite his evil,
it wouldn't smite him, evil.
Guys, why don't we just take a tour
of that juice factory,
like, where we're gonna...awful to see a guy die?
Yeah, I would like some free samples.
Now, I mean,
I don't want to be rude.
I enjoy juice about as...
I mean, a lot more than the next guy.
But, it's getting late.
A man just died.
I have to go inform his wife and kids.
There's an angel demon
beating down our magical barrier.
Maybe we should just, you know, turn in for the night.
You know what? I'm on for the juice tour.
You know what?
You know what we should do to cover more ground?
You tend to the city's more dire business,
given a civic emergency,
and we will volunteer
to go report the bad news
to Darvon's wife.
And they will, like, do a juice tour on the side?
Yes.
Maybe just
tour the juicery tomorrow.
I mean, I'll take you there. It'll be great.
No, it'll be different tomorrow.
Maybe I won't want to do it tomorrow.
Father Tender, are these soul rods holding up?
Like, is this force field going to last much longer?
Oh, yeah. It'll last forever.
As long as God's favor is on our side
and no one drinks the demonic alcohol.
Is there a difference between the juice and the alcohol?
Juice is juice. Alcohol is evil.
Juice is juice.
Did he know he was drinking
demonic alcohol?
All the alcohol.
All the alcohol is demonic.
He knew what he was doing.
Oh, so he's just a drunk.
Are we in the presence of any alcohol at this time?
No, no.
Not the way I see it.
Just wholesome juice.
Wholesome juice.
We'll go tell his wife about his death
and you go do
city things.
I think I'd just go to bed, I guess, really.
Well, I mean, wait a second.
Turn some library books or something?
No, no.
Where are we going to sleep tonight, Father Tinder?
Is there a hotel or a hostel for us?
You know, you could go...
Didn't you want to go tell the towns?
Whatever. Let me answer your question.
There's extra beds.
We will take on thy duties.
I mean, we'll do it.
And then you can attain
to your previous...
Stop.
Sorry, I was trying to help myself.
You might have to forgive
Father Tinder's loquaciousness.
If we could, perhaps,
find the wife
and you can accompany us
what I'd like to do
at this time, though.
I have a horse, if I can mount the steed
and I'll ride
the caboose on this train
and I'll put you in front of me and keep my eyes on you.
Well, I mean,
I can go tell the wife and kids
and you don't have to come
or you guys can go do it and I don't have to come.
We all do it together.
But you seem reluctant to let us do it.
I'm just in the bedchamber.
I'm going to change courses here.
I'm going to backtrack. Let's go together.
Let's take a nice nap in the bedchamber.
I feel like we should go and you should go to sleep.
You need your rest.
You can stay here and bury the body.
Well, yeah, I mean, speaking of which,
he puts his fingers to his mouth
and he whistles and two guards
show up in red and white uniforms
and they're all like, what's all this then?
And he's like, this man, he attacked us.
He killed himself, basically.
And they're like, oh, okay.
And they start hauling the body off.
That's it.
Well, that's the end of that, then.
Is that for nothing?
Well, now let's continue talking.
You want beds, I think, right?
I'm tired. It's been a long day.
I can take a sneeze.
As I said, there's extra beds in the constabulary
if you'd like to rest.
Is that another made-up word?
It's like a police station.
All right.
We'll go to the constabulary and rest.
Sounds like you get stabbed there.
Well, you might.
Yeah, I'm not feeling this constabulary.
Fellows, can I say that?
That's just a joke.
It's a little like stabalicious.
Let's just go to the constabulary and get some sleep.
Let's go sleep at the constabulary.
And then in the morning...
In the morning, we'll go over to Darnvon's wife's house,
which is what district again?
Well, if you don't want to do it tonight,
that's not a big deal,
but I just feel like it should be done tonight.
I'll do it. It's fine.
I'll do it. Well, you guys are...
Will somebody do it? Yeah, someone do it now.
I'll do it. I'll do it.
Let me do it. Where does she live?
She lives over on Reading Street.
I'm going to Reading Street.
I go with him.
I'm going to hang back.
Yeah, I'll hang back.
I'm going to go home.
All right.
Why don't you guys go dig up what you can dig up
at the constabulary?
We'll find some stabbing.
Quark and I are going to go check out
this guy's wife.
I feel like it's high school
and I was told to go somewhere
so that someone else could fuck.
That's not...
We're not going to fuck his wife.
All right, check out his wife also
means, like, look at her.
But I'm just saying,
we'll cover more ground. It's an investigation.
I think that there's strange things
afoot in this town. It's all sealed off.
This guy's crazy about juice.
The guy was saying
he's going to kill everybody
and then he falls on his own sword.
I saw him roll the 1, too. That wasn't supposed to happen.
When that guy fell on his sword, he rolled a 1.
Yeah.
We go up Reading Street
to the gals.
Yeah, you do that.
You do that as Father Tender departs.
You get to Reading Street
and you see a small house that must be it.
It's a cylindrical house
with a small conical roof.
Yeah.
That looks like it.
A cylindrical house.
A conical roof.
They say it looks like a dick kind of.
And that's what they said.
Yeah, it's a pre-address society.
All right.
I knock on the door.
What time of day is it, by the way?
It's really late. It's probably like 11 or 12.
Well, it's kind of early.
I don't know.
Sure. I mean, at night, though.
Oh.
Sorry.
Knock, knock, knock.
Hello.
Mrs. Darmfond?
She opens the door.
She's like, yes.
We have terrible news for you.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your husband in the commission
of his duties to protect the city
figuratively and literally
fell on his own sword.
And
he's
he's no longer with us.
I hand her
his belt buckle that I took from the pile.
You took the belt buckle?
Just to verify our story.
I also have the gold coins, too.
Her eyes well up with tears
and she's like, oh, I
knew this might happen.
He was talking about it
in the past few days.
Mrs. Darmfond, before you continue,
could my partner and I come
into your home
so that this conversation could happen in private?
I mean, I don't really know
who you guys are. That seems a bit...
It seems to me, Mrs. Darmfond,
from the way things are going around here,
that us being strangers means
you can trust us the most.
All right.
Come in.
I'll put the kettle on.
Just don't put any juice in it.
Now, Mrs. Darmfond,
you're saying that he was talking about
what over the last couple of days?
He was talking about how Father Tinder
had a magic power
that made him untouchable by anyone.
You couldn't even try to kill him
if you wanted to.
Why would somebody want to kill Father Tinder?
Oh, because that power that he has,
it's highly sought after
and not, you know,
not uncommonly.
In fact, I would say it's a common occurrence.
People, enemies,
malifactors, and sometimes dangerous
and more dangerous creatures
come to the city to try and
regain control of this
power that he possesses.
I pull Sharpie aside.
Do you think he has one of those magical shards,
those power crystal-thingy shards?
Did you ever hear anyone say anything about
a shard of something or other,
or a power of something,
or a something of power, or a shard of something?
The only thing Darvon ever talked about
was how the scriptures mentioned
something about holy stones.
Oh.
Cut to Ovard and Dimorgia
for the constabulary.
Hey, is this a big detail?
Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba.
I think there's an echo in this constabulary.
Echo, echo, echo.
Uh, what?
Is there anyone there
to show us to our
accommodations well so you guys are outside you're walking towards the
accommodations but then up rolls a gnome in a small wooden wheeled chair he's a
that's not shitty that you're small and you're a gnome also wheelchair my
story is bad sir Chris again mr. no one you'll forgive us my name is dignity and
and and my partner's name is not this is so yeah no dignity with this one look
look little gnome I mean honestly I didn't mean to say that because you're a
gnome you know obviously I was joking right so if you would I'm just trying
to like I understand I want to divine some information if there is any to get
probably likes comedy I'm trying to is there perhaps anything of note about the
evening yeah just just the way things have been going anything well how long
have you been in that little car I I should come out of a job by the way
you're in was that was that mean no no it's great it's all good the gnome
speaks up he's all like you must have forgotten for I am Spizzbulb the gnome
you've saved the guy that's been years I mean I remember when he was like
walking around on two little legs like this whole cart thing this is new you
realize he can hear you come on we're buddies oh remember so that time I give
you a new you thought it was funny anyway great to see it what what sort of
information maybe do you do you have for I'm just feeling a lot better I'm
able to roll around in a wheelchair now you know all these healing sessions
they're working it's great this place fucked up though you shouldn't trust
anyone around here I don't I don't say with a name like constabulary speaking
of obviously you shouldn't stay at the constabulary tonight it's real it's
gonna be real dangerous I mean I got a tower you know not that I don't trust
him because he's a little guy with a cart but I feel like you should probably
bail hang out with our homies over at the where they at with some girl you know
she's like a prom queen or something well there well that sounds great let's
go do that then yeah let's do that I mean like here's what we're gonna do with this
guy it's been great sir and and your notes are duly noted by us what we're
gonna do is is take a different tack on this we won't reveal it to you
heeding your words of not trusting anybody but honestly we're going somewhere
else thank thanks it's really nicely decorated but I mean come on I mean
once you saw my constabulary that's I'm trying to
I'm just saying you're kind of like the host why don't we just move on and head
so we go like we gotta remove to remove to reading street yeah no let's move I'll
give you a little advice I want to like if I can drag my friend away sir yeah
let's go let's go over the cart so I think he was walking you know there are
two types of rhetoric in this world in every movement there's a rhetoric of
convergence and a rhetoric of agitation he's the guy with the words I just hang
out so we're on our way we're on our way to the house we're gonna rejoin well
you guys should come back to my tower to get sleep and not sleep in these beds
when you guys want to sleep if that would require us to trust you and you've
just told us not to do that sounds like a double negative but I mean we have this
whole backstory that has been established you got you we know each other so well
why don't we head toward the tower you know what that's probably interesting so
interesting dude so we have a case we are like mine I mean like he's obviously
on the sharpie while yeah meanwhile back at the rain check back at the
damn born whatever else thank you thank you for the information about father
tinder I well between those leads and what I'm sure our partners have turned
up I'd call this case just about closed yes you don't have to be flag cop and
know which way the wind is blowing this time all right I'm leaving I take out
the gold coins that I've perloined off of her dead husband as I think these
belong to you and our condolences but thank you for information and if it's
any if it's any assurance we will do our best to write whatever's wrong in
this town I thought we'd retired from the adventure game but it seems like when
it as soon as you get out they put it back in seems like seems like nothing
gets you in an adventure quicker than an avoiding one yeah we haven't learned
this from six years of stories we walk back in the town and we wait hold on
one thing one thing that just to close up with the lady ma'am yeah I understand
this is a difficult time but this is also part of a larger thing zip was
there you talked about the things that he mentioned about about father tinder
being crazy were there any documents maps a secret artifacts things hidden
under his floorboards anything cinematically stowed away that you lock
it around his neck you're not there also where would you any incarnation of
you have learned that from any say he seems like a locket guy
you keep you keep shouting out things to people who aren't in the room with us
and about it I mean I know I know one of the things is this you know you got to
come clean with me if you're a shapeshifter that's one thing yeah yeah
no I'm no shapeshifter okay well you know then you're crazy and that requires
a bit of care he's right back to my bad no no evidence at all afraid not
nothing incriminating documents no well God bless you ma'am and please stay
strong and at the risk of sounding crass I think you've got you know a lot of
years ahead of you and you look great I don't think that you know I don't think
that your life is over just because your alcoholic husband died well he never
no one it's your time that's true I myself had a father who it's pretty late
okay I'm in the background shitting myself laughing I guess okay I get up
from laughing and as you're walking away from the door I would imagine and I
give you a ironic high-five I go way to go Clark Gable you can tell me about
your dad on the way back to our friends well he was buried up to his neck by
cobalt's or something and then we left him like three years ago all right
hey look I walking towards some sort of place to sleep a tower I we see Krista
Berg and I'll say dignity SARS guard outside the constabulary talking aside
about 15 feet away from a small gnome in a wheelchair last time I met a girl
with the last name stab I mean Spisball Spisball how you doing man hey hey
what's up you get I see you're getting around yeah I'm getting around I'm doing
pretty great these guys are just talking away from me I could still hear him like
it's not talking about anything important we're tired could you have a place
we can stay and we can walk and talk about what you might be able to tell
us about Father Tinder yeah that's exactly what can happen hey Spisball you
know I know we have differences but about this father tinder what differences
did we have I didn't detect no I mean friends I know I talked about your
little will cart but I just want to know is that tinder situation I mean what's
that like it hurts I'm in a lot of pain
shiver me tinders we should be you guys are ready to get on your way
certainly we've convened a committee and done some discussions and come up with
a policy that that says that we're ready as well so if we could just maybe
proceed forward with this yeah I think the streets have ears we should wipe to
interior skiz balls at home silent game wait can we go down the line and say
what we think this guy's name is
Dan you go first what skizball skizball what do you think his name is it's a
scaz bill I was told Spizzbob but again my sources you know wait Spitz bomb is
that what he said this ball Spizzbob I Spizzbulb yeah Jeff got it okay I'm
saying okay let's just let's circle the wagons here we don't we don't get a
lot of things right let's call it got the same thing yeah I think we get a lot
of shit right try having who's saying throw net you so I'm with you on this
one brother all right we're gonna Spizzbulbs non-square home yeah it's like a
tower it's like a tower kind of name is spizz ball it's a family name it's kind
of I'm sorry but you got to change that dog Jesus I don't agree I don't agree
Christian Christian Christian Berg you really on a kind of I'm getting too old
for this I don't know I mean maybe that works for him but all right the guy is
physically disabled and giving us a home free of murder but if his name spaz
bulb it's like he's clearly doing something wrong he doesn't want to be
called go no he's called spaz bulb that's like you're like the jokin of a
nerd movie no but just I'm just like no if it isn't spaz ball all right so we get
up to spaz bulbs place it's a cramped it's a cramped and dirty location it's
full of all sorts of weird gizmos and gadgets little pieces of metal and weird
bottles there's all sorts of stills set up all over the place and liquids
travel to and fro and weird tubes and vials and stuff it's all over it's like
a crazy mad scientist kind of type and he's just kind of taking you through to
a room with a bunch of beds and he has a big bottle of alcohol and he's like do
you guys drink alcohol I drink alcohol hey guys first of all no alcohol we got
a chill no let's drink good night sleep because I mean he probably put something
in it spaz bulb did you the guy that tried to kill us he was drinking alcohol
did you provide that alcohol to yeah man anyone who wants it that's like my job
and stuff I used to do it back at Bill Martigan's I do it everywhere I go wait
but he went crazy on it you know alcohol people get addicted they drink it they
make some poor choices well maybe he was sane in a crazy town I mean he didn't
mean to he didn't mean to fall over on his well he rolled a one I saw it I'm
telling you he saw I said he rolled a one all right can I maybe at this time
just exercise my ability to to detect evil just possibly to see if there is
anything to stay alert about it is Spizzbulb is completely blameless Spizzbulb
what do you know about Father Tinder's attitude towards alcohol versus juice I
mean it's fucked up right everyone loves drinking I love drinking gnomes love
drinking almost as much as we love riddles and cigarettes when oh I I smell
booze I a good spizz bubble can I have a can I have a drink yeah man everyone can
he I would advise against such action no return to this time I'm a gnome too man
I want to drink if we have a long day I may be crazy I we didn't you didn't
detect any evil on the stuff no don't drink it dude I mean like remember that
game protection is only hit 50% of the don't drink it huh I'll drink it first
contested okay he's gonna drink it drink it first oh it's a bunch of it it's all
great he's like yeah I say hey I don't bow guard the chalice Alice hey man I
wouldn't drink anything that touches homeboy's lips I think he's on to he's
I also I run very quickly to the trademark office and trademark don't
bow guard the chalice Alice I think you guys have got it all wrong I mean it's
like alcohol has been around forever this city that's got a bubble around it
made from soul rides and praying where the guy who inexplicably religious
fanatic cards juice around the people who get drunk want to kill him I'll tell
you like I'm on their side a lot of a lot of people say a lot of things and
when a community comes together it is not on the responsibility of every
person to carry the weight of everything it is on the responsibility of one
person who chooses to accept the mantle so I will choose to accept the mantle of
not drinking alcohol but if you guys want to go ahead but understand hey you
can close Guantanamo any day now it's been like eight years you know and maybe
a couple less wars than when you get elected now doesn't have to drink to
have thine good old time guys go ahead sample as you will I take a big a big
pull off of a spist balls booze it's great it's some of the best booze you've
ever imbibed are we all imbibing should I do whatever you want I
put one of them I'm gonna be with you I mean we've come this far together I'm
not gonna imbibe hey space bubbles are restroom is there a restroom runner I
have to roll a one yeah right through that door the role of one I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna roll up to I run back to the trademark office the bolly shag is
it bolly shag or is it Bob Lattie yes what sounds like it's a pocket stay in
the pocket one is to back okay if you're not when you're not saying
something there's your brain going like I'm not saying something I did it will
literally just fabricate you said you said earlier you'll just say fire hydrant
log it's good it's good I'll hang back as I said do not hang back
exactly to the metal baby he said you said earlier not to hang back I do not
I just want to know more of your secrets I also want to know from Spisbulb what
there's town secrets like what they hate drinking I don't know I don't trust any
of them can't trust the dry County when did you move here I just moved here to
leave Bill Martigan's I got exiled cuz my alcohol was too good well I I don't
I don't trust this guy I think I think he's I think he's got a shard of power
or something on him with some source of power have you heard anything about that
yeah I mean no I haven't but I don't trust him either I mean if I were you I'd
get the hell out of here well I don't trust what where does he live can we go
sneak attack him at night he lives in the you know you were right by his house
I remember when I made that guy drink my pee it's like obviously he's trying to
make a guy was your brother your cousin was my cousin okay no but he's trying to
make us drink his alcohol which might have his pee in it I just drank it does
fine it's delicious I don't care if it's all he probably mixed it with some like
it's a 70% and it's D&D there's like was it was it lemony in any way was it
lemony in any way no it tastes like really good alcohol listen I think we've
got a lot of spindly little fellas here masters of the art of invisibility
silence creeping around who's that who you got you that's you back pocket my
friend and you oh yeah I know I could do that you're very sneaky you're a rogue
and a thief you're very good and stealthy really yeah this strange cultish
autocrat sleeps tonight the sleep of the damned listen don't you think with my
insane thief instinct that maybe he might be like trying to make us drink his
pee what the fuck you know we're talking about father tender Chris father
tenders saying we should maybe you guys should sneak over to his house do a
little ninja recon oh see what you can dig up maybe steal that I'll go with you
I'll go in there and if you need some we can't send them alone he'll eat the house
yeah and the two of them the two of them hop on my horse what's that I'll ride
my horse and I'll ride the two of them over there I don't know if that how
stealthy that is can I get my own horse no I mean anytime you can conjure one
you know something about sitting behind somebody Sharpie are you saying that
Christopher I should maybe go sneak over into Father Tender's house and see if
we can maybe break in using his stealthy abilities and my and my my fighting
ability to go in there and maybe steal the the shard off I see what you can find
in there digs some stuff up yeah should we should we split up I guess we should
we all go as a team well I'm a clunky clumsy wizard with you know I I could
recharge my spells and Sharpie you're a great wizard I just mean I'm not very
stealthy your name is Sharpie I don't know but you know it's me you have to come
in the building you could be nearby you could be within a shouting I could be
outside like like in the equivalent of a white van and you're being a sort of
microchip to your punisher okay all right so it's visible do you know where
father do you know where Father Tender dwells yeah you guys were just right by
his house it's attached to that juicery is it well guarded or to live alone no
he lives alone he's a priest right hey I got an idea let's make him think that
we're getting a juice tour but we're really like like it's the middle of the
night he's not gonna think about how sketchy it's the middle of the night
right now yeah he doesn't give tours this late no he's asleep well okay I'm
out of options you guys you're never out of options you have a prime
directive and a prime directive is well you know with our friend and see what
you guys can dig up we could just take a nap behind this like dumpster we'll get
up and we'll get the early tour and we'll use that you're in my house
Christopher Christopher we're in the man's house you can't call this a
dumpster you've insulted you've insulted him enough as I've said before as I've
said before he can hear you yeah yeah well his ears his ears are art and
wheelchairs too yeah let's like look around this house maybe we'll we know
he's fine he's a guy that makes boo we're gonna go we're gonna go we're gonna go
sneak attack Father Tender right now do you want to come a different house
believe me we're not while you guys are doing that I'll use my ability to lay
hands get away I can heal your ears lay them on your ears all these ears they
feel so good now I could hear you just as well as I could this whole time guys I'm
sorry you know I lead him outside I ask everybody was Father Tender the whole
crew to go outside and I go down on take I take a knee and I and I have I draw a
circle and I this is Father Tender's house and so and I and I we drop a
little battle plan like a little football play and I say here's the deal
hit the just spitballing here me Christopher we're gonna sneak in sure
you want me yes like little kittens yes we're good right you're gonna use your
stealthy abilities to open the door use your tools your feet you have those I
have stealthy ability probably have thieves kit and stuff like that oh yeah
look at that underneath the post it and we're gonna we're gonna break in
SARS guard I want you nearby with the horse in case we have to make a hasty
retreat Sharpie you're gonna be in the van I'll hide it in a pyramid of
juice barrels with several spells at the ready that okay the signal in case
things go wrong is oh shit all right what if it's like something like oh
silver dollar silver dollar so he doesn't know okay again good idea okay
so we say it twice we have to see if we say it once it means get in here everything's
good okay we say it twice that means we're coming out and we're coming out
hot okay so okay should you make the signal for don't do something sound like
an urgent version of do something okay come on again if I if you if you see me
at least not the way it was silver dollar but that means that means like
coast is clear okay that means that means it's bad now I think I don't have
if I go silver dollar that means I'm coming somebody killed me while I was
saying silver dollar silver dollar if I say urgently that means I was stabbed
in the process of saying silver dollar silver dollar and if you say silver
dollar twice casually wait so wait you're saying if you say it once excitedly
it's the same as saying it twice I'm saying if I say silver dollar any
amount of times casually the coast is probably clear but I'm not going to
because that's going to confuse it oh so the code the code isn't based on
repetition the code is based on tone of voice well two silver dollars two silver
dollars means it's it's bad things have gone even if you're even if you're
calmly even if you're like okay maybe I'm whispering maybe there's a guy behind
those silver dollars all right okay uh Adam shut up we have we already have
our bed up here all right no we're not gonna order pancakes it's the middle
of the night all right so okay are you guys ready to do this yeah are we clear
on the signals absolutely just we know two silver dollars is bad right kind of
sometimes okay we're running over time here so we are so Chris de Burgh and I we
sneak up hold on hold on okay this bull before you guys leave spit bulbs like
it's dangerous to go alone take this and he gives you he gives you a bundle of
black sackcloth and he's like don't use this unless there's a serious serious
emergency and also it'd get destroyed by the barrier just keep that in mind bye
we got a ball sackcloth yeah exactly remember that sackcloth tell your sober
self to remember that sackcloth sackcloth we got a black cloth that that's
that would be bad if we touch the barrier with it yeah can't leave it's can't
leave the town with it use it in case of emergency but don't take it to the
barrier not when it's active not when it's active so you gotta use it bank yes
okay okay I guess to wrap this episode up we all get together in a huddle we put
our hands in like a football team and so Sharpie you want to say a couple
words before before Chris de Burgh gives us our the thing that we say when we let
our hands go guys I hope whoever's playing your characters next time is
able to understand what's going on and let's stick together all right Jackie
join her curses thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
let's hear for DeMorge Brown I bet gay special credit and I'm Jeff Davis your
mayor Dan Harmon
thank you so much for coming everybody